SOME OF THE PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES

1. Java -  Java is a class-based, object-oriented programming language developed by Sun Microsystems in the 1990s. 
It's one of the most in-demand programming languages, a standard for enterprise software, web-based content, games and mobile apps, 
as well as the Android operating system. Java is designed to work across multiple software platforms.
Similarities with C#: both C# and Java are "pure" object-Oriented languages, all objects are references, Garbage Collection and many others...
Differences with C#: Java will run on any operating system.

2. C# - C# is a multi-paradigm, object-oriented (class-based) and component-oriented programming language. It was developed by Microsoft within its .NET initiative.
C# is one of the programming languages designed for the Common Language Infrastructure. Combining principles from C and C++, C# is a general-purpose 
language used to develop software for Microsoft and Windows platforms.

3. C Language - C is a general-purpose, imperative computer programming language, developed by Dennis Ritchie between 1969 and 1973. C is the 
oldest and most widely used language, providing the building blocks for other popular languages, such as C#, Java, JavaScript and Python. C is mostly 
used for implementing operating systems and embedded applications.

4. C++ Language - C++ is is a general-purpose programming language with imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features. C++ is developed
by Bjarne Stroustrup, and is an extension of C language. It is considered to be an intermediate level language, as it encapsulates both high and low 
level language features. Initially, the language was called 'C with classes’ as it had all properties of C language with an additional concept of 
'classes’. However, it was renamed to C++ in 1983.

5. PHP - PHP (Hypertext Processor) is an HTML-embedded Web scripting language. This means PHP code can be inserted into the HTML of a Web page. When a PHP page is accessed,
the PHP code is read or "parsed" by the server the page resides on. The output from the PHP functions on the page are typically returned as HTML code, which can be read by
the browser. Because the PHP code is transformed into HTML before the page is loaded, users cannot view the PHP code on a page. This make PHP pages secure enough to access
databases and other secure information. A lot of the syntax of PHP is borrowed from other languages such as C, Java and Perl. However, PHP has a number of unique features
and specific functions as well. The goal of the language is to allow Web developers to write dynamically generated pages quickly and easily. PHP is also great for creating
database-driven Web sites.

6. Python - Python is high-level, server-side scripting language for websites and mobile apps. 
It's considered a fairly easy language for beginners due to its readability and compact syntax,
meaning developers can use fewer lines of code to express a concept than they would in other languages.
It powers the web apps for Instagram, Pinterest and Rdio through its associated web framework, Django, and is used by Google, Yahoo! and NASA. 

7. Ruby - Ruby is a dynamic, reflective, object-oriented, general-purpose programming language. It was designed and developed in the mid-1990s by Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto in Japan.
According to its creator, Ruby was influenced by Perl, Smalltalk, Eiffel, Ada, and Lisp.It supports multiple programming paradigms, including functional, object-oriented, and imperative. 
It also has a dynamic type system and automatic memory management.

